README.md, before:

WELCOME AS DEVELOPER FOR THE BMM 2.0 PROJECT
============================================


INTRODUCTION
------------

The website consist of 3 separate projects

    * client - The page available for users
    * admin  - The page available for administrators
    * common - The common functions and stylesheet is used in client and admin


Basic techniques used for the project

    * yeoman        [workflow]      @see yeoman.io
    * AngularJS     [js framework]  @see angularjs.org
    * jQuery        [js library]    @see jquery.com
    * sass          [css extension] @see sass-lang.com


Before developing, you should specially get known to the yeoman workflow and angular framework.
We are glad for all contributions, feel free to help us with the project
____________________________________________


NOTE:
    If you want to test run the admin page, you should also install the
    API and replace server link in client/app/scripts/app.js with your own.
    Same in admin/app/scripts/app.js

SETUP DEVELOPER ENVIRONMENT
---------------------------

**1. Install [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) and open Terminal / CMD**

**2. Install Yeoman**
```
#!cmd
sudo npm install -g yo
```

**3. Install Bower**
```
#!cmd
sudo npm install -g grunt-cli bower
```

**4. Install Yeoman generator**
```
#!cmd
sudo npm install --global generator-webapp
```

**5. Install [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/)**

**6. Install Compass**
```
#!cmd
gem update --system
gem install compass
```

**7. Get a copy of this repository**

**8. CD into 'common' via terminal/CMD and run the following commands**
```
#!cmd
sudo npm update
bower update
grunt build --force
```

**9. CD into 'admin' and run the following commands**
```
#!cmd
sudo npm update
bower update
```

**10. CD into 'client' and run the following commands**
```
#!cmd
sudo npm update
bower update
```

Setup should now be completed
____________________________________________


DEBUG AND TEST RUN 'client' OR 'admin'
--------------------------------------

**1. Run your default browser with --disable-web-security**
    Chrome users can turn this on and off with an [extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/allow-control-allow-origi/nlfbmbojpeacfghkpbjhddihlkkiljbi)

**2. CD into client or admin folder (the folder you want to debug)**

3. Run command
```
#!cmd
grunt serve
```
... A new browser window should now open

4. Allow the unauthorized certificate to run with https

____________________________________________


MAKE STANDALONE BUILDS
----------------------

    1. Run command: grunt build
        The standalone is build into the dist folder

IMPORTANT NOTE:
    By running this command in the common folder, you automatically update the common files
    in both admin and client.

Commit message:

Added section for coding style in the readme.

README.md, after:

WELCOME AS DEVELOPER FOR THE BMM 2.0 PROJECT
============================================


INTRODUCTION
------------

The website consist of 3 separate projects

    * client - The page available for users
    * admin  - The page available for administrators
    * common - The common functions and stylesheet is used in client and admin


Basic techniques used for the project

    * yeoman        [workflow]      @see yeoman.io
    * AngularJS     [js framework]  @see angularjs.org
    * jQuery        [js library]    @see jquery.com
    * sass          [css extension] @see sass-lang.com


Before developing, you should specially get known to the yeoman workflow and angular framework.
We are glad for all contributions, feel free to help us with the project
____________________________________________


NOTE:
    If you want to test run the admin page, you should also install the
    API and replace server link in client/app/scripts/app.js with your own.
    Same in admin/app/scripts/app.js

CODING STLE
-----------

If you want to contribute to this project you should follow a specific coding style, this is:

* Use 2 spaces for identation
* Use '' (single quotes) and **not** "" (double quotes) for JS strings
* Always use the [inline array annotation](https://docs.angularjs.org/guide/di#inline-array-annotation) for dependecy injection

SETUP DEVELOPER ENVIRONMENT
---------------------------

**1. Install [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) and open Terminal / CMD**

**2. Install Yeoman**
```
#!cmd
sudo npm install -g yo
```

**3. Install Bower**
```
#!cmd
sudo npm install -g grunt-cli bower
```

**4. Install Yeoman generator**
```
#!cmd
sudo npm install --global generator-webapp
```

**5. Install [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/)**

**6. Install Compass**
```
#!cmd
gem update --system
gem install compass
```

**7. Get a copy of this repository**

**8. CD into 'common' via terminal/CMD and run the following commands**
```
#!cmd
sudo npm update
bower update
grunt build --force
```

**9. CD into 'admin' and run the following commands**
```
#!cmd
sudo npm update
bower update
```

**10. CD into 'client' and run the following commands**
```
#!cmd
sudo npm update
bower update
```

Setup should now be completed
____________________________________________


DEBUG AND TEST RUN 'client' OR 'admin'
--------------------------------------

**1. Run your default browser with --disable-web-security**
    Chrome users can turn this on and off with an [extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/allow-control-allow-origi/nlfbmbojpeacfghkpbjhddihlkkiljbi)

**2. CD into client or admin folder (the folder you want to debug)**

3. Run command
```
#!cmd
grunt serve
```
... A new browser window should now open

4. Allow the unauthorized certificate to run with https

____________________________________________


MAKE STANDALONE BUILDS
----------------------

    1. Run command: grunt build
        The standalone is build into the dist folder

IMPORTANT NOTE:
    By running this command in the common folder, you automatically update the common files
    in both admin and client.
